@/**@
 @* Copyright (C) Rotterdam Community Solutions B.V.@
 @* http://www.rotterdam-cs.com@
 @*@
 @***********************************************************************************************************************@
 @*@
 @* Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with@
 @* the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at@
 @*@
 @*     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0@
 @*@
 @* Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on@
 @* an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the@
 @* specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.@
 @*/@

h3. Liferay - Newsletter module

	A full featured newsletter plugin for Liferay built by Rotterdam Community Solutions to allow portal administrators to create, send and administer newsletters send to online subscribers. The portlet features both a subscription portlet to visitors and site members as well as a full featured backend administration portlet to create and maintain newsletters, templates and subscribers. 

h5. Component required:

	Maven - To build wars and deploy on liferay portal.
	Liferay portal 6.1 CE ga1 

h5. Setup/Configure

	Please refer to the User Guide for detailed installation instructions.

h5. Running it

	Download your copy from github and run "mvn package" in the root folder of your downloaded copy from github. Maven should now compile and create the war file.
	For more information, please check the User Guide attached.
